---
layout: post
title: Week 1:Intro To Open Source
---



I decided to register for a class about open source because I thought it would help me get more used to the collaborative aspect of programming. Therefore, when I hear the term "open source", I think of software and tools that are openly available online; that allow anyone to work on and imporve it's source code and documentation.
Some advantages of this is the fact that because open source allows any number of people to contribute to the same project, and therefore will lead to more ideas and faster development. Furthermore there are no restrictions on the usage of open source, and therefore allow anyone to create different uses for the software and or distribute their modified versions.
Yet there exists some potential problems with open source, and that is the fact that it may be hard to monetize since it everyone is allowed free access, and without the right management over an open source project, it could be driven to ruin by its community. Therefore, it is hard to say how long an open source project will stay relevant if its community dies off and there are no more updates.

## Open Source Projects

Of the many open source projects in the world, 4 that I regularly use is Brackets, Atom, Android, and Firefox.
Brackets is a great editor for web based projects, and allow you to see updates to your website in real time without the need to refresh everytime you wanted to see an update that you made. 
Atom is a great text editor, although mostly used for code, it contains a variety of different features that I never really use but the desgin is the main reason I have stuck with it for now.
Android is well, a really well known mobile operating system, and essentially the only one I know besides IOS. The restrictions that come with using an IOS device is the main reason why I use an android one.
Finally, all I use firefox for is simply browsing the web. 
