---
layout: post
title: Week 5:Evaluating Open Source Projects, and a Visit From Bloomberg
---

## Ghidra
This week, we evaluated open source projects in groups. I specifically, was in a group that focused on the project [Ghidra](https://www.nsa.gov/resources/everyone/ghidra/) which is a software reverse engineering project developed by the NSA. Ghidra itself has all the signs of a good open source project to contribute to. It is very easy to find information on how to contribute, and they even have a full [developer's guide](https://github.com/NationalSecurityAgency/ghidra/blob/master/DevGuide.md) to get people started. Yet even though the community provides all this support, this project is one that I would have great difficulty contributing to as it seems that very specialized knowledge is required, in the area of reverse engineering to understand most of the repository. 

This understanding part is probably the most difficult aspect of finding an open soruce project to contribute to, especially if the project is one that one has no experience in using. Even navigating all the files becomes difficult, as in the case of Ghidra.
I would assume this is the case for most open source projects actually, and therefore I have realized that it is essential to pick a project that aligns with one's interests as a lot of time would be spent analyzing the project, figuring out where things are and what things do.

Keeping this in mind, some other aspects of choosing open source projects such as their code of conduct may be less important than interest that the project has towards oneself. 
In the case of Ghidra, they didn't even have a code of conduct. Perhaps since the project was developed by the NSA, they are in a way asserting dominance by simply not doing so. Implygin that their name itself is the code of conduct.

## Bloomerg's CTO Office: Kevin P. Flemming
Furthering our knowledge of open source and its role in big companies, we had a guest speaker from Bloomberg this week. He talked a lot about the company Bloomberg itself and the many open source projects that they use and contribute to. Pretty interesting since previously, although I was aware of the company itself, I pretty much had no idea what the company did until this week. What somewhat surprised me was the open source projects that Bloomberg themselves have released to the public, and their process of doing so. As a private company, one would think that Bloomberg would mostly be using open source projects that are online, perhaps contributing to the ones that they use, but Kevin made it pretty clear that Bloomberg has their own projects that they intialized and contributed to. All in all, it's great seeing a company like Bloomberg being so supportive of open source. It seems that around April, there will be a learning open source event hosted by Bloomberg in NYC, and that definitely seems like something worth attending.

Bloomberg being an active participant in the world of open source is great, and I'd like to take the opportunity to share some of my own open source contributions. I have mostly been contributing to [Open Street Map](https://www.openstreetmap.org/) and [Wikipedia](https://www.wikipedia.org/), and occasionally the class website as I come accross some typos and such. Contributing to these three different platforms feel vastly different and take varying levels of work. Open street map contributions are a simple task of simply adding a location that is not on the map, essentially requiring not much knowledge besides of the place. Wikipedia on the other hand, at least in my experience takes a lot more effort, first needing to actually scout out pages for potential contributions and knowledge of the subject at hand to make a sizable contribution. Of course, it is also possible to simply fix typos instead like I have been doing on the course website, whether it be a wrong link or date someone's got to fix those!


