---
layout: post
title: Week 4:Introduction to Open Data
---

This week, we had two guest speakers Deena Engel, and Vicky Steeves come to our class to give a lecture on open data. It was a somewhat interesting lecture, where both speakers took turns to do their presentations. 
First, Professor Engel introduced us to what open data sets were and how one would go about to use and analyze them. Specifically, she went over the different types of databases, and how tools such as MySql and MongoDB are used to process the data. What I thought was interesting was her mentioning how difficult it is to find data just ready to go and how much work was needed to prepare or "scrub" a database for use. She went over the things to look out for such as date/year formats, how datasets can shift from one formate to another (from digits to text), and how csv files can suddenly find themselves being separated by tabs. I wonder if this is just the case for open datasets, or if datasets in general are subject to such inconsistencies, I would imagine private databases to be a lot more well structured. 

Continuing on, Vicky Steeves introduced us to different ways to obtain open data such as through NYC Open Data, Kaggle, or even the NYU Libraries. The first of which is data that is made available by New York City agencies, the second an open site where anyone can share datasets that they have created, and of course datasets made available by NYU. One interesting tool that she brough up was Beautiful Soup, which is a python tool that allows one to "scrape" html or xml documents as a way to pull the data directly from the files. I would imagine obtaining data in this way would require a lot more processing to make usable. 

As such, the greatest take away from the presentations were mostly the tools that are used to prepare data, and the various sites that provide these open data sources. 
