---
layout: post
title: Week 3:Firefox Extensions Showcase
---

This week, much more progress was made for our browser extension: Font Changer. Initially, we had a very rudementary setup that simply allowed the user to choose from 4 different web-safe system fonts. As just a proof of concept, this worked out pretty well although the differences between the 4 chosen fonts, Arial, Fantasy, Times New Roman, and Roboto were very slim in the firefox browser. 

Quang Luong made a great contribution that greatly diversified the number of available fonts using a brute force method to detect the availability of all possible system fonts. As hilarious as this may seem, as different systems have different available fonts, this seems like an acceptable method in our case. Thanks to Quang Luong, Font Changer became capable of "encrypting" words on a webpage to an obscure font that perhaps only a few would be able to make out such as a variation of script that may be available on the system.

Our latest attempt, at imporving our extension in fact was an implementation of a reset button, to change the webpage's font back to normal. Although Matthew initiated a pull request in his attempt to implement it, after a review, it was deemed to have not worked. For now, we will be working on fixing the issues with the reset button. 

## Our Collaboration

Interestingly enough, our collaboration as a group was mostly individual. We didn't meet up or anything to work on the extension, nor did we discuss on what to add. Different parts of the extension was implemented by each person, yet the execution was more of a -> create a pull request, someone reviews it, and then a merge decision would be made by the person who reviewed it. As all three of us were admins, we trusted each other to review pull requests, and determine they should be merged. 

## Extension Presentations

Excluding our own extension, the members of our open source software development class also made many other great extensions. Some hilarious ones such as [repacge](https://github.com/nyu-ossd-s20/repcage), which replaced all images on a site with one of three famous celeberties, or [Word to Pet](https://github.com/nyu-ossd-s20/word-to-pet), which replaced all words with images of their animal counterparts (Although only dog and cat are currently supported). To useful tools such as [Table of Contents](https://github.com/nyu-ossd-s20/table_of_contents) and [Virtual Coin and Dice Flip](https://github.com/nyu-ossd-s20/Virtual-Dice-and-Coin-Flip), which are both pretty self explanatory. All in all, it was great to see all the cool ideas and extensions that our class came up with.


