---
layout: post
title: Week 7:Git, Group Projects, and Remote Transition
---

A very crazy week this week, due to COVID-19 all classes at NYU have switched to online classes. Likewise for our open source class. I thought our first remote class went well, although it wasn't really a "class" and more of a group meeting session. But anyways...

## Git Review and Learning
  This week, one of the first things that happened was an overview on Git. Although, I have been pretty experienced with Git from other classes such as CS201, and CS202, there were still some things that I didn't know. One of the new things that I learned was rebasing in Git, and how that was different from merging into a repository. Both do integrate changes from different branches, but rebasing sort of rewrites the commits to the master branch. The entire second branch will be merged into the end of the master branch. This sounds a bit dangerous, as it feels like it could potentially create issues for others working on the repository due to inconsistencies in the master branch. Using merge is definitely "safer".
  
## First Remote Class and Group Projects
  So we had our first class on Zoom this Wendesday and were split into different groups to discuss potential final project ideas. I was split into group 9, with Austin Tain, Kyle Nelson, and Ryan Li. My group members were pretty easy going in the sense of project selection. Initlally we decided to take a look at the [Phaser](https://phaser.io/) project, yet after looking at the repository for a few minutes, we realized that not many of us were used to Javascript at all. Therefore, the project that we ultimately settled on was [Tuxemon](https://github.com/Tuxemon/Tuxemon), which is a monster-fighting RPG. Upon an intial look at the repository, we realized that there are multiple ways to contribute to the project, excluding code and documentation, their contributing guide looks for "sprites, tilesets, window decorations, fonts, sound effects, music, and anything similar" as well. After installing the development environment, and playing the game itself for a little bit we almost immediately found things that we didn't like or small cosmetic issues that we could contribute to. This combined with the fact that it was a game, I think appealed to all of us, and we therefore decided to contribute to the project.

