---
layout: post
title: Week 10:Gil Yehuda, Cathedral and Bazzar, and more Tuxemon
---

## Gil Yehuda, Verizon Media
  This week Gil Yehuda was invited as a guest speaker for our open source class. As the Sr. director of techonology and strategy at [Open Source Program Office](https://developer.yahoo.com/opensource/docs/), he provided a lot of information about his view on open source. What I thought as the most interesting was his comments about what he looks for when hiring someone. It is one thing to know how to use an open source program, and another thing to actively contribute to the program. But what he mentioned that was the most important was the knowledge on how to use one open source program to build another program. Furthermore, Gil introduced the idea of being paid to work on open source projects which was interesting, and potentially something that may interest me as a carrer. Overall it was great learning about Verizon Media and have Gil guest speak. I do think that his presentation was probably the most interesting one out of the guest speakers that we have had.

## The Cathedral and The Bazzar
  We also read [The Cathedral and The Bazzar](http://www.catb.org/~esr/writings/cathedral-bazaar) by Eric S. Raymond, which was an interesting outlook on the "pros" of open source. The Cathedral model refers to something that is ready out of the box, sort of like a macbook, it was designed to be used. The Bazzar model on the other hand is basically the world of open source, as it is a model where a bunch of people come together and give their own input to build a project. Eric, clearly shows in his essay that he has a pretty big bias towards the Bazzar model as the project that he was working on (Pop Client or Fetch Mail) was an open source project, and he was mentioning all the benefits this provided to him and how others could receive the same benefits. In the open source world, people are working for you for free!

## Tuxemon
  So, this week we have made efforts to actually start contributing to Tuxemon as a group. We have reached out to their discord server to clarfiy some questions about their cointributing guide, which required a form post for a feature request. Apparently that guide was outdated and the recommended course of action was simply reporting it as an issue. So, from there we made our [first issue](https://github.com/Tuxemon/Tuxemon/issues/721), a quality of life change by adding more controls to the game. It was met with a quick reply and some feedback about the best way to implement adding controls to the game: by letting the player choose what controls they wanted. Pretty interesting, and seems like an easy issue that we could work on, as we already know of the way to add control to the game.
  Furthermore, this week we have made the [first pull request](https://github.com/Tuxemon/Tuxemon/pull/722) to the Tuxemon project, which was simply an update the their README.md that was missing one of the most important controls in a "pokemon" game: the sprint button.
  We also met our first regression in the project from the time we tested it to this week. A recent pull request seems to have broken the way quantity menus work in the game. But it looks like someone already reported the issue, and it was already claimed lol. It's nice how active the community is.  
