---
layout: post
title: Week 14:Progress Reports
---

This week came another round of progress reports from all the groups. This time, a lot of the groups have made significant progress in their contributions to their projects. One of the most notable ones being the p5.js group which contributed a crazy amount of translation requests, and upon hearing of I'm pretty sure inspired most of the groups to also consider contributing translations. I know one member of my group is looking to help translate the locale files of Tuxemon to Mandarin which would be great to see. Our group has made much progress by the time of the presentation with each of us having either already made a few pull requests that have been merged with some having a great deal of conversation on them. It is surprising to say that many of the issues didn't actually require much code to solve, instead most of the time was used in reading and understanding the code. Although there were some changes that required a lot more code than others, it wasn't as overwhelming as I expected it to be, and I have been steadily increasing the number of issues that I have solved and report. 
One of the more interesting issues that I was able to solve most of was issue [#729](https://github.com/Tuxemon/Tuxemon/issues/729). This issue was a 7 part issue, and it turned out that the solution to 4 of them involved the simple modification of one line of code. Although the issue has not been completely solved yet, and has since lead to the discovery of an even bigger issue being the flawed implementation of a method in the combat animations class. The maintainer bitcarft, discovered that the person who implemented the method mostly copy pasted from another method that slightly did the same thing. Essentially, the goal was to update an image, instead the method ended up redrawing the image everytime it needed to be updated. The full discussion can be found in the pull request [#778](https://github.com/Tuxemon/Tuxemon/pull/778). 

Other than contributions to the project, this week has been pretty busy. Finals are getting closer and there are multiple projects that I have been assigned that I need to finish. Some even by the end of tomorrow. Hopefully this quarantine will not be necessary after finals :).
