---
layout: post
title: Week 13:Open Source Businesses, and Tuxemon
---

## Open Source Business
  Moving on from our talks about open source for social good, we step into the territory of open source for profit. We went over the business models that open source comapnies such as Red Hat, Mozilla, Wikipedia, and Gitlab uses. Red Hat, being one of the first companies to make money off of open source, has a business model that sells "support". This model would be what I would imagine most open source projects trying to adapt, as others such as the donation model that Mozilla and Wikipedia uses may not necessarily be feasable unless the project has a huge user base that loves it. Another interesting model was the open core model used by Gitlab which offers a feature limited version of their software as open source, and gives "core" features to paying users. This last open core model doesn't really feel like open source to me as this would limit what contributors to the project could do, and isn't really "open". Even though this is the case, the business model does make sense. Let people use a feature restricted version of a software and make them pay for more "core" features. There are plenty of other businesses that have a similar model but aren't open source, so it feels a bit out of place.
  
## Tuxemon
  This week was a great week for our Tuxemon contribution progress. Since fixing issue #728, I have moved onto solving a bunch of other issues that have been listed in the repository. One in particular that I am proud of is resolving issue [#711](https://github.com/Tuxemon/Tuxemon/issues/711), which adds a customizable back sprite for every single npc in the game including the player. You can find the pull request [here](https://github.com/Tuxemon/Tuxemon/pull/750). Furthermore, Austin had finally added customizable controls to the game as well. With the guidance of one of the maintainers, he has optimized his implementation of customizable controls so that was pretty cool to see.
   Now, after implemeting and fixing such a cool issue such as #711, I am moving on to work on the combat animations in the game. One the first pull requests I have made in regards to this [#768](https://github.com/Tuxemon/Tuxemon/pull/768) was such a simple fix that fixed 3 previously known issues that I felt a nice sense of accomplishment. While implementing the fix, I also noticed two more issues with the combat animations that I have since reported at [#769](https://github.com/Tuxemon/Tuxemon/issues/769). The remaining 2 issues, that are left in the pull request remain to be the task at hand for the next week and will definitely require more investigation work to fix!
  
