---
layout: post
title: Week 11: Wikipedia, Group Reports, and Progress Update
---

## Wikipedia
  Wikipedia is the largest online encyclopedia, and also the largest open source project, and what many people consider to be the most important open source project ever. Therefore, naturally Wikipedia plays a great role in my life, and I have made some contributions to the project as well. The few contributions that I have made, involves mostly topics that are pretty specific and already have other "wiki" type pages for their information. Two of the notable pages I have contributed to are [Cardfight Vanguard](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Cardfight!!_Vanguard), and [Phaser](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Phaser_(game_framework)). The former of which is one of my hobbies, and had really, really detailed information about all apsects of the card game. I really felt all the passion that players of the game have, but I noticed that some of the recent changes however, were not added to the wiki. Therefore, adding those changes became one of my first wikipedia contributions. Similarly, for Phaser although not a hobby, was one of the open source projects that I evaluated in our class. This lead to my knowledge of the framework increasing which lead to me being able to update the wikipedia page with more information about the framework. 
  
## Group Reports
  Moving on, this week we had presentations from every group about the open source projects that they have been working on and their progress. It was interesting to see what projects other groups have chosen and how much progress they have made. One project that I remember was OpenFoodFacts, as I did an evaluation on that project previously, and I recall how hard it was to install their development server (I failed). The group working on that project encountered the same difficulties, and were working on a way to make the installation instructions more intuitive which I thought was great. Another interesting project a group was working on was Lemmy, mostly due to their presentation on their development environment which involved setting up a whole server on a separate computer. Kinda extra, but it made sense considering what they were working on. Unfortunately, our group (Tuxemon), did not get a chance to report this week and will do so instead on Monday.
  
## Tuxemon Progress
  This week, we became a lot more active in connecting with the Tuxemon community, and pushed out a couple of issues that we noticed, and some feature requests that were accepted welcomingly into the community. These issues invovled the presence of a move that would never hit, adding inifite scrolling to menus, and some more in-game bugs. We also took one of the biggest first steps in contributing to a project which was getting a pull request merged. So far our group has two pull requests that have been merged into development. One of them was just a typo fix, but the other was a code based contribution that actually solved an issue that was reported: [#728](https://github.com/Tuxemon/Tuxemon/issues/728). It felt really satisfying to see these pull requests being merged and the goal is to continue making impactfull changes in the future and perhaps fix more typos along the way.
