---
layout: post
title: Week 2:First Open Source Project
---

This week I and two other members, Quang Loung, and Matthew Stillman worked together to develop an extension for the Firefox browser.
Our extension was called Font Changer and the idea behind it was to allow the user to choose from a set of predetermined fonts, and would change the font of the website that they were on to the selected font.

Most of my contribution to the project invovled setting up the basis for which the extension would develop off of. This included creating the Manifest.json file that contained the specifications of the extension, the basic html layout of the popup that would be shown on the web browser, and basic javascript executed the font change. 

As such, it is safe to say that we have a very basic version of the browser extenion in working condition. There could also definitely be many things that can be added to this sort of extension such as changing the font size, font color that could possibly be considered as future goals for implementation, but for right now the initial concept is ready, and I am confident that we will have a working product by the due date. 

## What Was Learned

While working on this project, there were many things that I have learned. The initial and greatest learning experience was the project in its entirety as I have never developed any sort of extension before so developing our extension was a completely novel learning experience. 
Therefore, while working on this project I got to learn many of the sub-tools that go into developing an extension. Learning the contents of the Manifest file, and how it effects the makeup of an extension, as well as integrating html and javascript in order to communicate both with the extension and the tab that the current user was on are just a couple of the things that I have learned and foud interesting.  Yet learning about new tools was not the only thing that I learned, what I realized while working on this project is that perhaps my team work practices could be much better, as it seemed as if most of us were focused on our own work in the project and our communcation of what everyone was working on was not as clear as it could have been. 
