---
layout: post
title: Week 5: Vicki Steeves and More Project Evaluations
---

This week, we had a revisit from guest spekaer Vicki Steeves to tell use more about the open source world. She spoke to us a lot about her goals in open source and the importance of reproducibility, and how there may be many challenges surroudning reproducibility. She noted many problems about how one program may work on one specific system/version it may completely fail on another verioson/system. Clearly, this is a serious problem that open source projects need to pay attention to it is not done in a controlled environement, and users may have many different systems, and different versions for their operating systems. 
Furthermore she introduced us to a few more opens source projects, and a cool way to get involved through hacktoberfest, which I didn't know about previously.

## Project Evaluations: OpenFoodFacts and Phaser
  ### [OpenFoodFacts](https://github.com/openfoodfacts/openfoodfacts-server)
  Open food facts is an open source source engine of sorts specifically for food. A very interesting project, that allows users to contribute their own food information, and to search for specific foods to see its nutrition facts. Although I thought that this project was interesting, and possibly one that I could contribute to as most of the code was written in HTML. However, I ran into a pretty strange issue when trying to setup their development environment. I am not experienced in using Apache at all, which they relied on and when running. I ran into a roadblock when attempting to install it, and after "successfully?" installing Apache and mod pearl, I had no idea how to start their server on product opener. There wasn't any documentation on that, and online solutions didn't seem to work. But other than that, I would assume if I were to figure out the problem, this project would be one that I could contribute to.
   ### [Phaser](https://github.com/photonstorm/phaser)
   Another project that I looked at was Phaser. Phaser is a cool HTML5 game development framework, and one that I could see myself contributing to. Their code was very well documented, and the installation instructions were pretty clear. I ran into a small issue with a missing file but it was a simple matter of creating that file for the fix. They provided almost everything to set up their environment, and all we really needed to do was run npm install in their directory to automatically install all the modules that were needed. All in all this took me about 12 minutes. The simplicity of this process and the detail of their documentation appeals to me as a potential project to contribute to. Specifically as I have worked with other game engines such as Unity and Unreal engine before, something like Phaser would be a interesting experience, to develop a game in HTML5.
