---
layout: post
title: Week 12:Open Source COVID-19, and Tuxemon
---

## Open Source COVID-19 Projects
  This week, our class had done some research on open efforts regarding COVID-19 and it was amazing to see the huge amount of projects that people have found. One of the projects that I found, was an open source [data repository](https://github.com/CSSEGISandData/COVID-19) for COVID-19 that was created by the John Hopkin's University. It contained all the information about the total number of cases, deaths, recoveries, and the number of people tested all over the world. Their dashboard that contains all the data updates semi-automatically by pulling data directly from DXY, which is an online platform ran by the chinese medical community that keeps track of case totals of COVID-19. The automation is done every 15 minutes by pulling data fron DXY, and cross referencing it with other sources such as the WHO, and the CDC. This data after being verified, gets added to the dashboard. Many of the open source projects that our class found was similarly data visualization projects such as this one, whether between difference countries, or states. Some of the interesting projects that weren't all about data involved [data prediction](https://predictcovid.com/) to see how the pandemic may progress in the future which may be pretty useful to predict things such as the stock market. Others involved hardware projects such as creating an emergency test kit, or ventilator in a low-cost efficient manner. If anyone is interested in checking the [list we have compiled](https://pad.riseup.net/p/OpenEfforts_COVID19), feel free to do so, and perhaps add more to the list!

## Tuxemon
  Continuing our work on Tuxemon, it looks like the previous fix to [issue #728](https://github.com/Tuxemon/Tuxemon/issues/728) that I "fixed" broke something else in the game. Since then I have figured out a solution to the regression, and am ready to make the pull request except the project developer wanted to finish implementing unit tests for the project before working on anything that may lead to more regressions. Which makes sense since there have been many regressions in the past that have since been fixed. Moving on, one of our group members was able to successfully implement a control configuration for the game so that players would have the ability to modify the controls to their liking. No pull request yet, but after things get finalized it is looking to be a good contribution to the project. Furthermore, currently I am working on a way to allow customization of the player's front and back combat sprites in the game. Currently, they are hard coded into the program as such I am trying to change the behavior so that the player can modify their npc file so that they may use whatever image they like for the player front/back sprite. I imagine this to eventually lead to a full blown customization feature allowing the player to change certain parts of a sprite such as pants/shirts. That's all for now, excited to see how this project will continue to progress.
