---
layout: post
title: Week 9:Tuxemon, and Rebase Practice
---

## Tuxemon
  Before the break, our group decided to work on [Tuxemon](https://github.com/Tuxemon/Tuxemon), which is an open source game that was inspired by the Pokemon series. This idea of the game got be interested as I have been an avid Pokemon fan. Furthermore upon playing the current version of the game, it was clear that the game was still in the early stages of development and seemed like a great initial open source project to contribute to. A bunch of different ideas almost immedaiately popped into our minds as a group, as all of us seemed to like the Pokemon series, and had ideas on how to make the game better.
  
  Some of the immediate bugs that I found out and even reported on their [discord channel](https://discordapp.com/invite/3ZffZwz) were almost immediately fixed as they were very small issues that prevented me from running the game correctly. It seems that just recently as someone was modifying the source code, they used something that was native to Python3 and not Python 2.7, and as such when I ran the game using Python 2.7, it would crash within a few minutes when the call was triggered. Since the game still supports Python2.7, this was not supposed to happen. What was cool was that I was the one who found the error and it was almost instantaneously fixed by a merge from the developer. Since it was such a small fix (deleting 3 letters) there was no issue nor pull request that was initated, my contribution will probably only be recorded in the annals of discord. Even so, I look forwards to making contributions with my team as we all seem pretty into it and already have a list of things going that we would like to see done/can do along with a bunch of other information about the source code itself.
 
## Rebase Practice
  Continuing on, this week we also "attempted" rebase practice problems in our open source class. I say attempted because we never got to finish the problems, and our group only managed to get up to part 2. I believe the biggest issue, was not on our knowledge of using git in general, but it was trying to match the output of git log to the one in the problem set. What actually happened was that our log was a swapped version of the desired output, and we couldn't figure out how to swap it back. 



P.S: This quarrantine thing is dampening my motivation to do work T_T.
    
    
