---
layout: post
title: Week 15:Nearing the end and Presentations
---

This week was the final full week of classes at NYU. Many of us are preparing for finals or working on final projects and presentations. Specifically, in our open source class, we are preparing for our final presentations about the open source projects that we have chosen. So far 5 groups have gone already, [Open States](https://github.com/openstates), [p5.js](https://github.com/nyu-ossd-s20/p5.js), [Open Food Facts](https://github.com/nyu-ossd-s20/openfoodfacts-server), [Free Code Camp](https://github.com/nyu-ossd-s20/freeCodeCamp), and [Inky](https://github.com/nyu-ossd-s20/inky). I felt that the presentations were really up there in quality and it was interesting to see how much progress each group made. Overall, it seems that everyone has made a lot of contributions and have been learning various new technologies in their effort to contribute to their respective projects. A few of the more interesting projects to me, were Inky and Open Food Facts. The latter of which I had previously made a project evaluation for, and couldn't get past installing the development environment. Clearly, their group also had huge issues installing the environment as well, as one of their first contributions was improving the installation instructions specfically surrounding docker. Hopefully with their improvements, the next time I, or someone else decides to work on the project they will have more success in doing so. Inky on the other hand, seems like an interesting tool to use for story development, and perhaps may be something I may use in the future and look into contributing to. 

Moving on, I would like to talk about the progress that has been made on the Tuxemon side of things. The issue [#729](https://github.com/Tuxemon/Tuxemon/issues/729) that I have been working on has finally been completed. Following bitcraft's suggestion, I implemented a new subclass that contained all the capture device sprites. This way, when updating the status of a capture device from alive to fainted, all that had to be done was changing the status of the capture device sprite instead of redrawing the whole ui again, this streamlined a whole function into a small for loop. It was interesting trying to align everything, and along the way I learned a bit more about pygame and how things were being rendered on the screen in Tuxemon. For now, we are working on our final presentations as well.
